README.md, before:

![Dora metrics case studdies banner](https://github.com/middlewarehq/100-days-of-dora/blob/main/github%20banner.jpg)
# 100 Days of Dora 🚀

Welcome to the **100 Dora Metrics Case Studies of God Level Repositories Using Middleware Open Source** repository! 🎉

This repository will serve as a resource hub where each case study is linked, providing a deep understanding of each repo's strong points, their challenges and actionable insights to help engineering teams of all sizes improve their development practices. 

Whether you’re leading a team, writing code, or just curious about what makes successful open source projects tick, this journey will showcase real-world lessons on how we can drive smarter, faster, and better engineering.

Each link below will take you directly to a detailed analysis hosted on our website.

We are using [Middleware Open Source](https://github.com/middlewarehq/middleware) to build an analysis of each repository. This simply means that if you are curious you can invest a few minutes to set things up locally and dive into any repository yourself as well!

## 📚 Case Studies

Below is the list of published case studies.

1. [Ruby Repository's Lightning-Fast Merges](https://middlewarehq.com/blog/how-the-ruby-repository-masters-fast-merges-cutting-corners-or-genius-efficiency?utm_source=github&utm_medium=100daysrepo): Analyzing how the Ruby repository maintains rapid merge speeds amidst high contribution volumes.

2. [React Repository's Struggles](https://middlewarehq.com/blog/react-repository-a-look-into-their-speedy-features-bug-fixing-delays?utm_source=github&utm_medium=100daysrepo): A deeper look into this huge repo that ships fast but struggles with slow bug fixes.

3. [freeCodeCamp Repository's Quality vs Speed Battle](https://middlewarehq.com/blog/is-freecodecamp-sacrificing-quality-for-speed-with-their-rapid-deployments?utm_source=github&utm_medium=100daysrepo): Rapid development workflow but what about the rework time slowdowns?

4. [Vue.js Repository's No Review Merges!](https://middlewarehq.com/blog/vuejs-case-study-dora-metrics-speed-demon-or-just-high-risk-gambler?utm_source=github&utm_medium=100daysrepo): The most interesting thing would definitely be automation to the point that 88 out of 99 merges in 3 months happened without a formal review!

5. [Swiftlang/Swift Repository](https://middlewarehq.com/blog/swift-deployments-are-they-swift-or-recklessly-rushed?utm_source=github&utm_medium=100daysrepo): Not as swift as we initially thought, but does that really matter?

6. Coming Soon.


## 🔗 How to Contribute

We welcome contributions! If you have suggestions or want to contribute to enhance these case studies, feel free to submit a pull request or open an issue.


## 📧 Get in Touch

If you have questions, suggestions, or want to collaborate, feel free to reach out to us at [contact@middleware.com](mailto:contact@middleware.com) or connect with us on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/middlewarehq).


Stay tuned as we continue this journey of exploring top repositories and learning about what makes them God Level one case study at a time!🎉

Commit message:

Added React Native case study

README.md, after:

![Dora metrics case studdies banner](https://github.com/middlewarehq/100-days-of-dora/blob/main/github%20banner.jpg)
# 100 Days of Dora 🚀

Welcome to the **100 Dora Metrics Case Studies of God Level Repositories Using Middleware Open Source** repository! 🎉

This repository will serve as a resource hub where each case study is linked, providing a deep understanding of each repo's strong points, their challenges and actionable insights to help engineering teams of all sizes improve their development practices. 

Whether you’re leading a team, writing code, or just curious about what makes successful open source projects tick, this journey will showcase real-world lessons on how we can drive smarter, faster, and better engineering.

Each link below will take you directly to a detailed analysis hosted on our website.

We are using [Middleware Open Source](https://github.com/middlewarehq/middleware) to build an analysis of each repository. This simply means that if you are curious you can invest a few minutes to set things up locally and dive into any repository yourself as well!

## 📚 Case Studies

Below is the list of published case studies.

1. [Ruby Repository's Lightning-Fast Merges](https://middlewarehq.com/blog/how-the-ruby-repository-masters-fast-merges-cutting-corners-or-genius-efficiency?utm_source=github&utm_medium=100daysrepo): Analyzing how the Ruby repository maintains rapid merge speeds amidst high contribution volumes.

2. [React Repository's Struggles](https://middlewarehq.com/blog/react-repository-a-look-into-their-speedy-features-bug-fixing-delays?utm_source=github&utm_medium=100daysrepo): A deeper look into this huge repo that ships fast but struggles with slow bug fixes.

3. [freeCodeCamp Repository's Quality vs Speed Battle](https://middlewarehq.com/blog/is-freecodecamp-sacrificing-quality-for-speed-with-their-rapid-deployments?utm_source=github&utm_medium=100daysrepo): Rapid development workflow but what about the rework time slowdowns?

4. [Vue.js Repository's No Review Merges!](https://middlewarehq.com/blog/vuejs-case-study-dora-metrics-speed-demon-or-just-high-risk-gambler?utm_source=github&utm_medium=100daysrepo): The most interesting thing would definitely be automation to the point that 88 out of 99 merges in 3 months happened without a formal review!

5. [Swiftlang/Swift Repository](https://middlewarehq.com/blog/swift-deployments-are-they-swift-or-recklessly-rushed?utm_source=github&utm_medium=100daysrepo): Not as swift as we initially thought, but does that really matter?

6. [React Native](https://middlewarehq.com/blog/react-natives-cicd-unveiled-the-truth-behind-its-cycle-time-triumphs-and-stumbles?utm_source=github&utm_medium=100daysrepo): There seems to be a speed breaker for the merge time!
  
7. Coming Soon.


## 🔗 How to Contribute

We welcome contributions! If you have suggestions or want to contribute to enhance these case studies, feel free to submit a pull request or open an issue.


## 📧 Get in Touch

If you have questions, suggestions, or want to collaborate, feel free to reach out to us at [contact@middleware.com](mailto:contact@middleware.com) or connect with us on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/middlewarehq).


Stay tuned as we continue this journey of exploring top repositories and learning about what makes them God Level one case study at a time!🎉
